releases: add missing release note for v4.0.2 (#3107)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-4.0.2.md

    - Fix the incorrect error message of privilege check failure when access is denied [#17724](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17724)
    - Discard the query feedbacks generated from the `DELETE`/`UPDATE` statement [#17843](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17843)
    - Forbid altering `AUTO_RANDOM_BASE` for a table without `AUTO_RANDOM` property [#17828](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17828)

>     - Fix the issue that `AUTO_RANDOM` column allocates wrong results when the table is moved between databases by `ALTER TABLE ... RENAME` [#18243](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18243)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `AUTO_RANDOM` column is allocated wrong results when the table is moved between databases by `ALTER TABLE ... RENAME` [#18243](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18243)
```

    - Fix the SQL statement timeout issue when multiple Region requests fail at the same time by assigning different `Backoffer` for each Region [#17585](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17585)
    - Fix the MySQL incompatible behavior when parsing `DateTime` delimiters [#17501](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/17501)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV requests are occasionally sent to the TiFlash server [#18105](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18105)

>     - Fix the issue that cause inconsistent read/writes result when lock is met that point to a primary key has be insert/delete in the same transaction [#18250](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18250)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the data inconsistency issue occurred because the lock of a written and deleted primary key in one transaction is resolved by another transaction [#18250](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/18250)
```
